>> Kyle Simpson: Okay, let's try out
an exercise to practice this whole idea of
recursion.
In this exercise, you're gonna
be writing a palindrome checker.
If you don't know what palindromes are,
this is one of those classic
interview questions.
A palindrome is a string that reads
exactly the same forwards and backwards.
So for example, abcba, if you reverse
that, it's still gonna say abcba.
Okay, so that is a palindrome.
There's a couple of base cases,
by the way.
An empty string is a palindrome, and
a single character is also a palindrome,
because it reads in both directions.
Also we should point out
that both the string aba and
the string abba,
both of those are palindromes,
because in both cases, they read
the same backwards and forwards, okay.
Now there's a very straightforward way
of solving this problem iteratively.
And there's a good chance on some
interview question somewhere that
somebody's gonna have asked you,
implement it iteratively.
But because we're talking about recursion,
we wanna move beyond the iterative
approach, where we just simply go through
all of the characters one at a time.
We wanna move beyond
the iterative approach and
try to think about it recursively.
I'm not gonna tell you exactly how to do
it, but there is a hint here that points
at exactly the right way to think about
palindromes in a recursive sense.
So I want you to make sure you read
that hint as you tackle this exercise.
If you look in the exercise, there's
an isPalindrome function that you need to
fill out the definition of,
it should be recursive.
And also, there's a set of test
cases down here at the bottom, and
all of these should end
up printing out true.
So make sure you test your isPalindrome
function with these particular test cases.